README.md, before:

# ambit.js
JavaScript library for interaction with AMBIT instances.

The API documentation can be found [here](http://enanomapper.github.io/ambit.js/api/).

## Example use

Besides the steps below, full examples are found on [here](http://enanomapper.github.io/ambit.js/).

### Step 1: include the libraries

    <script src="lib/jquery-1.9.1.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="lib/purl.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="src/ambit.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="src/Substance.js"></script>

### Step 2: define the server (JavaScript code)

    var searcher = new Ambit.Substance("https://apps.ideaconsult.net/enanomapper");

### Step 3: define a callback function (yes, we're making asynchronouos calls)

    var callback = function(success, status, response) {
      document.getElementById("json").innerHTML =
        "<pre>" + JSON.stringify(response, null, '  ') + "</pre>";
    };
    searcher.list(callback);

Of course, this part requires a properly set up HTML page with an element whose identifier is "json".

## Dependencies
The library depends [jquery](http://jquery.com/)-1.9.1.min.js	and purl.js. It can be mashed up with [d3.js](http://d3js.org/) which is also included in the lib/ folder.

## Documentation
Documentation is generated with JSDoc:

    npm install jsdoc@"<=3.3.0" # if needed
    sh merge_js.sh
    ./node_modules/.bin/jsdoc -d api src/ambit_dist.js

## Inspiration
This library is based on the ideas from Ian Dunlop whom developed [ops.js](https://github.com/openphacts/ops.js) for Open PHACTS.

Commit message:

Added the latest release and all releases, with ZENODO DOI.

README.md, after:

# ambit.js
JavaScript library for interaction with AMBIT instances. The API documentation can be found [here](http://enanomapper.github.io/ambit.js/api/).

The latest release: [Version 0.0.2](https://github.com/enanomapper/ambit.js/releases/tag/v0.0.2) [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/doi/10.5281/zenodo.16517.svg)](http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.16517)

## Example use

Besides the steps below, full examples are found on [here](http://enanomapper.github.io/ambit.js/).

### Step 1: include the libraries

    <script src="lib/jquery-1.9.1.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="lib/purl.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="src/ambit.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="src/Substance.js"></script>

### Step 2: define the server (JavaScript code)

    var searcher = new Ambit.Substance("https://apps.ideaconsult.net/enanomapper");

### Step 3: define a callback function (yes, we're making asynchronouos calls)

    var callback = function(success, status, response) {
      document.getElementById("json").innerHTML =
        "<pre>" + JSON.stringify(response, null, '  ') + "</pre>";
    };
    searcher.list(callback);

Of course, this part requires a properly set up HTML page with an element whose identifier is "json".

## Dependencies
The library depends [jquery](http://jquery.com/)-1.9.1.min.js	and purl.js. It can be mashed up with [d3.js](http://d3js.org/) which is also included in the lib/ folder.

## Documentation
Documentation is generated with JSDoc:

    npm install jsdoc@"<=3.3.0" # if needed
    sh merge_js.sh
    ./node_modules/.bin/jsdoc -d api src/ambit_dist.js

## Inspiration
This library is based on the ideas from Ian Dunlop whom developed [ops.js](https://github.com/openphacts/ops.js) for Open PHACTS.

## All releases

* 2015-03-31 [Version 0.0.2](https://github.com/enanomapper/ambit.js/releases/tag/v0.0.2) [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/doi/10.5281/zenodo.16517.svg)](http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.16517)
